what is going on guys the big games and
they are being a zombie buzz the Liberty
Tree so we came a couple of minutes ago
and if you didn't know just go check it
out really fast let me just reload so
you can actually see the kind of intro
nothing special just buzz you know
coming to another spot of the map and
let's see what they bring us today let's
see the delivery let me just download
really fast okay so is the riot shield
finally we actually see something that
it was in the in the trailer so it's
pretty cool and I'm going to actually
use these Lots so I can defend myself
it's pretty cool and I don't really know
what's the connection between the ladder
and the battery but who knows maybe
there is something that you know maybe
then all of these things are
interrogated maybe we actually have to
use the ladder and the battery to
actually go to another spots and create
these riot shield because we all know
that this riot she'll do you have to
actually build it you know so maybe we
have to use a ladder to actually go to
some spots to get these materials and
use the battery to actually I don't know
do something you know so who knows
that's pretty much you guys I hope you
guys enjoyed and if you are new to the
channel subscribe and I'll see you the
next one thanks for watching peace
hmm